Include keywords Jack, technology in your response.
In your response, the word 'that' should appear 3 times.
Do not include keywords 'space' in the response.
In your response, the letter 'E' should appear 5 times.
Your ENTIRE response should be in English, no other language is allowed.
Your response should contain 3 paragraphs. You separate paragraphs using the markdown divider: * * *
Answer with at least 30 words.
Answer with around 40 words.
Answer with at most 100 sentences.
There should be 3 paragraphs. Paragraphs and only paragraphs are separated with each other by two line breaks. The 3-th paragraph must start with word 'Please'.
At the end of your response, please explicitly add a postscript starting with * * * * * *
The response must contain at least 4 placeholders represented by square brackets, such as [1st Lincoln Ave Urbana IL 61801].
Your answer must contain exactly 3 bullet points. Use the markdown bullet points such as: * This is a point.
Your answer must contain a title, wrapped in double angular brackets, such as <<poem of joy>>.
Answer with one of the following options: yes, no, neutral
Highlight at least 2 sections in your answer with markdown, i.e. *highlighted section*
Your response must have 3 sections. Mark the beginning of each section with "- - - - - -".
Entire output should be wrapped in JSON format.
First, repeat the request without change, then give your answer (do not say anything before repeating the request; the request you need to repeat does not include this sentence)
Give two different responses. Responses and only responses should be separated by 6 asterisk symbols: ******.
Your entire response should be in English, capital letters only.
Your entire response should be in English, and in all lowercase letters. No capital letters are allowed.
In your response, words with all capital letters should appear at least 5 times.
In your response, words with all capital letters should appear around 7 times.
In your response, words with all capital letters should appear at most 9 times.
Finish your response with this exact phrase 'see you next time'. No other words should follow this phrase.
Wrap your entire response with double quotation marks.
In your entire response, refrain from the use of any commas.
Answer with words that begin with the letter 'B'
Use only palindromes
Use only words with double letters (e.g., "bookkeeper")
Use only onomatopoeia
Answer with a single sentence that is exactly 100 words long
Use no words containing the letter 'E'
Translate your answer into emojis
Use only the 1000 most common English words
Use words that end with '-ing'
Use only military lingo
Respond with a haiku (5-7-5 syllable structure)
Answer in the form of a sonnet (14 lines with 10 syllables each)
Use only monosyllabic words
Answer with words in alphabetical order
Use no adjectives or adverbs
Respond with a six-word story
Include at least three rhyming pairs
Use alliteration throughout your answer
Write the response in future tense only
Use only the first half of the alphabet (A-M)
Use only questions to form your reply
Use only words that start and end with the same letter
Write the response in Morse code
Use only words that are colors
Use only the second half of the alphabet (N-Z)
Answer with each sentence decreasing in word count
Respond with a list of bullet points
Answer with a sequence of puns
Answer with emoji only
Use only words that have an X in them
Answer with each word starting with the next letter of the alphabet